README.md, before:

# Weather

Displays the temperature in the status bar of Atom.

![Screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/rOM0KX8.png)

More features coming soon, feel free to put in requests or contribute!

## Configuration

Configuration for weather can be found by going to: settings > packages > weather and click on settings.

### Show High
By default weather will show the high for the day. To change this, check/uncheck the option.

### Show Humidity
By default weather will show the current humidity. To change this, check/uncheck the option.

### Show Icon
By default weather will show an icon associated with the current weather. To change this, check/uncheck the option.

### Show Low
By default weather will show the low for the day. To change this, check/uncheck the option.

### Show Pressure
By default weather will show the current atmospheric pressure. To change this, check/uncheck the option.

### Show Sunrise
By default weather will show the sunrise time. To change this, check/uncheck the option.

### Show Sunset
By default weather will show the sunset time. To change this, check/uncheck the option.

### Show Temp
By default weather will show the current temperature. To change this, check/uncheck the option.

### Update Interval
By default weather will update the weather every 15 minutes. To change this, just enter the number of minutes you want weather to wait before updating.

### Zipcode
By default weather uses the zipcode 43201. Enter in your zipcode into the text box and you're all set!

## Menu Options
To access the menu options click on the `Packages` option in the menubar, then `Weather`. There are currently two different options available in the package menu.

### Toggle
This activates and deactives the weather package.

### Refresh
This manually updates the weather.

## Weather API

This package uses http://openweathermap.org/

Commit message:

Add wind speed and direction

README.md, after:

# Weather

Displays the temperature in the status bar of Atom.

![Screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/rOM0KX8.png)

More features coming soon, feel free to put in requests or contribute!

## Configuration

Configuration for weather can be found by going to: settings > packages > weather and click on settings.

### Show High
By default weather will show the high for the day. To change this, check/uncheck the option.

### Show Humidity
By default weather will show the current humidity. To change this, check/uncheck the option.

### Show Icon
By default weather will show an icon associated with the current weather. To change this, check/uncheck the option.

### Show Low
By default weather will show the low for the day. To change this, check/uncheck the option.

### Show Pressure
By default weather will show the current atmospheric pressure. To change this, check/uncheck the option.

### Show Sunrise
By default weather will show the sunrise time. To change this, check/uncheck the option.

### Show Sunset
By default weather will show the sunset time. To change this, check/uncheck the option.

### Show Temp
By default weather will show the current temperature. To change this, check/uncheck the option.

### Show Wind Direction
By default weather will show the current wind direction. To change this, check/uncheck the option.

### Show Wind Speed
By default weather will show the current wind speed. To change this, check/uncheck the option.

### Update Interval
By default weather will update the weather every 15 minutes. To change this, just enter the number of minutes you want weather to wait before updating.

### Zipcode
By default weather uses the zipcode 43201. Enter in your zipcode into the text box and you're all set!

## Menu Options
To access the menu options click on the `Packages` option in the menubar, then `Weather`. There are currently two different options available in the package menu.

### Toggle
This activates and deactives the weather package.

### Refresh
This manually updates the weather.

## Weather API

This package uses http://openweathermap.org/
